Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what we're going to be doing this lecture is when we click on this icon over here, we want to
go to the store where that product was uploaded.
Okay.
Not to do this, we have to head back to the detail folder.
And then the products on the score detail.
Fi and what we can then do is to use control and be some x y OC.
And.
And over here you can see we have the icon, right?
And over here we can then say navigator.
Dot push.
We want to push to a new screen.
And for the roots or roots.
This is not Syria material.
Paige Rhodes and the builder will always take in the contest.
And how do you semi-colon the wire?
And now we can return the visit.
The visit store screen.
Now we have to pass the value to the seller.
Your ID right.
And the uid.
And I think we have.
Okay.
Where do we have that?
We have to assess that product list.
Okay.
This is going to be a product.
Product lists.
And this is going to be what, seller?
You did.
Okay.
This is basically it.
Is control and save.
And hopefully you understand why.
If you don't, please do well to let me know.
And I think you understand well, most of the time you have forgotten what we did previously.
And you might get confused the reason why we are doing something like this.
Look.
Now click on this.
Okay.
I think we need to start again.
We need an auto start.
Also, we start this.
Okay.
Hopefully it won't take.
Any time.
Okay.
And if you have successfully started, you can just go ahead and try that out yourself.
And is definitely going to take you to that store where the product was uploaded.
Look, I don't think I would wait for this.
Maybe you just have to try this out yourself or I'm just going to wait for maybe 2 seconds.
Okay.
Ready?
Done.
Okay.
Sorry for the delay.
I think I have a very slow PC and hopefully I get a new one.
Okay.
And this.
We.
Still on this.
Okay.
Sorry.
Do you remember this call?
The mood is calm.
We are messy.
Get rid of this distraction.
Okay.
We must do all that.
Come.
And now we can click on this and then click on this.
Not.
Oh, I think we did that for the wrong.
The wrong button.
Okay, get rid of it.
Sorry.
Dance of.
Get rid of this and piz this.
No wonder we have to twist that, because really, we did not create any new screen and get rid of this
and use control and save.
Okay.
You can see a.
And back to this.
Now click on this.
Okay.
It took us to the store.
We had the product was uploaded and this is no longer active.
Okay.
Click on this.
We have the protocols that I think currently we have just one store for all this product and everything
should work as expected.
Okay.
Okay, guys, say you.